[The Legend of Rosy Clouds]
[Episode 19]
[Latrine]
-Let's do this!
Fan Yun,
can you really discern so many nuances?
How is that possible?
I just made it up.
As long as everyone enjoys the food.
Fan Yun is still cleaning the latrine?
Poor thing.
It's been half a month.
This is...
Academician Tian really got unlucky.
He came in first in the exam,
yet he's been sweeping the courtyard
all this time.
The mentor is Lord Lu.
There's nothing he can do about it.
It's like this for every cohort.
There's no escaping it.
But I believe
those with true potential
will make it through.
I believe in Fan Yun.
I believe in them.
So,
before Fan Yun and Academician Tian
enter the storehouse,
take these
unfinished documents we've sorted out
and add them to their workload.
I remember that they
clean the latrine and courtyard
in the morning,
and sort books
in the storehouse in the afternoon.
Are you trying
to add insult to injury?
We're also overwhelmed.
How about...
you do these then?
I'll go right now.
Lord Cai.
Lord Yan.
Any problems?
There is a problem indeed.
You're responsible
for mentoring newly appointed officials,
right?
That's right.
Look at
Fan Yun and Tian Xing's situation now.
Their workload keeps increasing.
Don't you have anything to say about this?
So,
this is what you're curious about.
Lord Yan,
with this matter,
complaining to me won't help.
Lord Lu's the one
who assigned them the tasks.
Many people were present then.
I couldn't have intervened,
as that'd make Lord Lu seem
so wavering and indecisive in his actions;
don't you agree?
However,
you're not the first one
to plead for them.
What do you mean?
Your father, Lord Fan Hui,
also came to me about Fan Yun,
hoping I could transfer her.
But back then,
didn't you
shovel horse manure too?
I never saw Lord Fan
come to plead for you.
In the end,
I guess blood is thicker than water.
My father treats me very well.
That's for sure.
Even though you're adopted,
I believe Lord Fan
surely treats you equally.
Not to mention he has no son of his own.
You didn't inherit the Fan surname,
but you're still considered family.
Lord Yan,
Lord Fan is
fickle and ruthless.
It wouldn't be surprising
if he abandons you some day.
I highly value your talent.
I'd never do the same thing as him.
If you become independent one day,
-I believe...
-Lord Cai.
I have things to do.
Excuse me.
Kid,
I'd like to buy some flowers.
Here.
Here are your flowers.
These pear blossoms
aren't worth much.
This is quite a lucrative business.
Was it...
your parents who gave you this idea?
I don't have parents.
No one takes care of me.
But I still have to find a way to survive.
You're it.
Me?
When you took me in,
it was probably just on a whim.
Just like picking up a stray dog
to take home.
Father.
What are you standing here for?
Why are you in a daze?
No,
I was just admiring
the flowers and greenery.
You, however,
don't look very happy.
Do I?
Not at all.
But you; is something on your mind?
No, nothing.
Alright.
There are a few old fogeys
in the Services Bureau
who are still stuck in their old ways.
I guess I have no choice but to
expel them from Qi Residence.
Father.
What is it?
I have
a question for you.
If I plan
to leave you
to wander around the Nine Cities
to cultivate my mind,
what...
would you think?
Wander around?
With your terrible sense of direction,
how'd you find your way back?
Don't worry about that.
I have my ways.
Fine.
Go if you want.
It's your life;
you make the call.
[Huiyun Pavilion]
If I'd like you to
come back to the Guardian Corps,
are you willing?
Your Excellency,
I only came back before
for an emergency.
But if...
I have my considerations
for wanting you back.
Fan Yun has just become
a probationary civil official.
Studying and training alone in here
is a kind of hardship
she's never experienced.
Fan Yun isn't as fragile as we think.
I believe
she can take on any challenge
and stick to her goals
until the end.
I know she doesn't
need anyone's help right now.
But now, she and Tian Xing;
one is a probationary civil official,
and the other a commoner academician.
Their current situation is
more perilous than you think.
What does Your Excellency mean?
We must always prepare for the worst.
On one hand, I want you
to come back to protect her.
On the other hand,
knowing you're nearby
to look out for her,
she'll feel more secure.
Thank you for your understanding.
I'm willing to
stay here and accompany her.
That's good.
Actually,
it's not just Fan Yun who needs you.
The Nine Cities need you.
I need you too.
I understand.
I wonder if
Dad and the others have been eating well.
What's wrong?
Homesick?
Fan Yun.
Gao Ran! What brings you here?
I finally found you.
Are you reinstated?
Let's sit down and talk.
While I wasn't here,
did anyone bully you?
Who'd dare to bully me?
True.
But if you ever
reach your breaking point,
always remember
that Lord Fan Qi and I are behind you.
I know.
Don't worry.
Look, Tian Xing and I are doing just fine.
We help each other out.
It's a bit tiring, but very fulfilling.
Right.
I brought letters for you two.
Miss Wei?
It's a letter from her.
Why are you so nervous?
Oh...
W-What does it say?
She said her mother
arranged a marriage for her,
rushing her to go home.
She didn't have time to tell me in person,
so she wrote a letter.
A marriage?
Don't you forget me.
Right.
I think she once mentioned to me
that she was old friends with that man.
What was his name...
Sima something.
Sima?
That doesn't sound like a noble's name.
How did they meet?
Did she say anything else?
Nothing else.
She said she'll be back soon.
What's wrong?
Worried about her?
No.
Just glad it's quiet now.
What's wrong, Tian Xing?
Zhu Luan's letter says
she didn't receive
the academician's congratulatory gold
I sent.
Who did you give the gold to?
The Services Bureau.
The Services Bureau?
[Spare No Effort to Be
Loyal, Honest, and Kind]
Is that so?
I just received a letter from Yong City,
saying that the congratulatory gold
entrusted to the Services Bureau
hasn't been received yet.
I wonder what went wrong.
What could go wrong?
The one in charge of
the academician's congratulatory gold
is Lord Lu.
Lord Lu,
what's going on?
Right, right.
Well,
I know about Academician Tian's gold.
It's already been sent out.
It's probably just a long journey.
Wait a few more days.
But the express horse
delivering the good news
went to Yong City with the gold.
Why did
the news arrive,
but not the gold?
Lord Lu already said
it's a long journey.
Just wait a few more days.
Go back and wait.
You may leave.
But I...
We understand.
Thank you, My Lord.
We'll wait a few more days.
Let's go, Tian Xing.
Come.
They were being evasive.
I think there is
more than meets the eye.
Will the gold
really arrive in a few days?
A few days early or late isn't important.
But I'm afraid
someone in Services Bureau
is being dishonest.
Let's go first.
Lord Gao Ran, are you OK?
I'm fine.
It's just my first time
finding the Qi Residence
so empty.
Assassins!
Quick, protect the governor!
Your Excellency!
You, you! You drink.
Stand down.
So Your Excellency is
feasting with the two lords.
I won't disturb you. Pardon me.
Impressive, Yan Jiang.
With a little trick,
he lured Gao Ran here.
Wait!
Gao Ran,
since you're here,
sit down and have a drink.
Unwind for once.
Exactly.
I'm on duty. I can't drink.
Wei, Yan.
-Come, come.
-Come on.
Lord Gao Ran,
come on.
Come, come.
Sit.
I'll hold on to this for you.
Gao Ran disturbed Your Excellency.
Shouldn't he be punished?
Yes, he should be punished.
At least 3 cups.
Plus my cup.
Five cups in total.
Your Excellency,
you miscalculated.
How could it be 5 cups?
Right.
Six cups.
No.
Add another 3 cups.
Ten cups in total.
Then Gao Ran, come.
Down this pot.
-You sure can drink!
-Bravo!
Not bad.
Why is Your Excellency sighing?
Something bothering you?
Vent to us so we can have a laugh.
Well,
seeing Gao Ran
reminds me of Fan Yun.
Fan Yun has entered the estate
to be an official,
but she's still cleaning the latrine
every day.
She's suffered so much injustice.
I just feel like
she's still so far out of reach.
No way.
The estate is only this big.
It's not like
Your Excellency is like Yan Jiang,
getting lost in here.
What does it have to do with me?
You're the supreme governor.
Just go see whoever you want.
As you all know,
seeking an official position,
what could Fan Yun want the most?
It's a free and fair
path to officialdom.
As the governor,
I have to hold back.
I can't say or do anything to intervene!
Fan Yun is her father's
little princess.
In the estate,
Your Excellency is
so intuitive and considerate.
As the adopted son of the Fans,
I'm a bit jealous of this sister.
Sister. Sister. Sister. Sister! Sister!
Just hearing the word "sister"
gives me a headache.
Our Wei Shisan
acts crazy all day long.
She went back for a blind date,
but I don't know if
she'll get along with that Sima Xun.
Well, at least I have
some peace and quiet now.
Why are you all looking at me?
This is all related to you!
How is it related to me?
I'm all alone now,
but you get to be with Fan Yun
all the time.
I...
Shisan is infatuated with you,
but you ignore her.
Don't think I don't know!
If it weren't for you,
I wouldn't have been adopted by the Fans!
Wait.
I admit
what the governor and Lord Wei said,
but what does your adoption
have to do with me?
That traces back to
my ignorant youth.
I was adopted
by the Fans around 13 years ago.
Think about it.
Back then, what happened
in Lord Fan Qi's family?
Father must have been thinking,
"I heard my brother
recently adopted a boy.
I want to experience
that kind of hardship too.
Let's pick a good time
to adopt one."
That must be it!
I just happened to catch his eye!
So...
Whatever. Let's drink!
Hey, stop drinking.
Send him back.
I'll take you back.
No more drinking.
-Let's go back.
-Let's play games!
-Go on!
-Enough already.
Is he OK?
He's fine.
I'll take him back first.
-Drink.
-You,
take this chance
to have a talk with the governor.
-Alright.
-Let's play games!
Let's play when we get home, OK?
Lord Yan.
-Fine, fine.
-Let's go.
If he saw me again, do you think
he'd still take me in?
No, he wouldn't!
I'll stand up for you, OK?
-I know the way.
-Careful on the stairs.
Oh my goodness.
This way? Or this way?
-This way.
-Oh, this way.
Even Lord Yan gets this drunk.
Your Excellency.
Are you OK?
Brother,
I want to share something with you,
but you can't tell anyone.
Go on.
When Fan Yun was my wife,
she shared a lot of my burdens.
Now she works so hard...
but I can't help her with anything.
I feel so useless.
I really, really want to
do something for her.
I just feel so useless.
It's good enough that you are
protecting her in secret.
When Fan Yun's official career takes off,
she'll still need
Your Excellency's full support.
At least,
you've done
far more than I have.
Alright.
I'll get going too.
Rest early.
I'm always on your side, Brother.
I'm always on your side too.
I'm finally almost done sorting these out.
Tian Xing,
I'll deliver the documents first.
OK, I'll go inside.
There's a tray today too.
It's Longquan tea.
It relieves fatigue.
I don't know who sent it,
but it's delivered daily.
How thoughtful.
Tian Xing,
I'll deliver the documents now.
Go inside.
OK, I'll bring it in.
Be careful.
Fan... Fan Yun.
I'll bring more.
OK.
I'll help you.
Your Excellency?
You...
Your Excellency,
why are you here?
Here's the thing.
I was going to go in and help,
but I'm amazing;
I know the big picture.
I knew I couldn't take that step,
so I held back.
As I was about to leave,
you spotted me.
That is all.
But...
held what back?
Nothing.
I'm really just passing by.
I didn't plan to
ask how your work was going,
if you had dinner,
or bring you any food.
I'm off.
You didn't do anything,
but
I still want to thank you!
I, Fan Yun, am here.
I, Tian Xing, am here.
Have you two finished your work?
Almost.
Nearly.
Almost? Nearly?
Your work isn't finished,
and you're even late?
I've given you so much time...
My Lord.
What are you doing?
My Lord, they've stayed up late for days
and are utterly exhausted.
Could you allow them to
take a brief rest in the lounge?
Bo Qin,
did the sun rise from the west today?
Speaking up for them, huh?
Then are you going to
clean the latrine and sort the documents?
I'll do it for them.
I'll take that as a yes.
Thank you, My Lord. Let's go.
You two just rest up here.
Bo Qin, thank you.
Bo,
you used to be so hostile to us.
Why've you been
standing up for us time and again lately?
I'm not doing it for you.
I just don't want
others to be inconvenienced
if you collapse from exhaustion.
Get some sleep.
Did... Did he
find his conscience?
He changed his tune so quickly.
Alright.
Since that's the case,
his kind intentions shouldn't go to waste.
Let's take a rest.
The Services Bureau's expenses have
always been astronomical.
How's it even more outrageous this year?
This...
All the daily necessities in the estate
have always been purchased
by the Services Bureau.
This is indeed a gravy train.
It's inevitable that someone
will line their own pockets.
Do you want to order an investigation,
Your Excellency?
Then I'll have to trouble you
to visit the Services Bureau.
You two plug your ears.
You can let Fan Yun investigate.
You mean to
let Fan Yun investigate?
But her words carry no weight,
and her being recommended as an official
has invited much gossip.
Exactly because of this,
she needs a chance to prove herself.
Rather than being punished all day,
why don't she take the initiative to
prove her capability?
Besides, I believe
Fan Yun is the most suitable candidate.
As for experience,
she'll have it once she gets this done.
So I think
this is the right decision.
I understand.
Your Excellency,
how'd you know
about Fan Yun being punished?
I...
I hope Your Excellency
attends more to government affairs,
-I…
-instead of wandering around.
After the rest,
I do feel more energetic.
Tian Xing, let's work harder today.
-OK...
-Tonight,
we must sort out
all these documents.
Why is there a ledger here?
Fan Yun.
Look at this.
[Ledger]
A ledger?
This is...
the Services Bureau's ledger?
Tian Xing,
there really is a problem
with their ledger.
What problem?
Look.
Among these everyday items,
some unusual ones are mixed in,
and their prices
far exceed the market price.
Here's another one.
Let me see.
This isn't right.
This is...
absurdly expensive.
Logically, goods purchased
by the Services Bureau
are bought in bulk,
so they should be cheaper
than the market price.
Instead, these prices are so much higher.
Could it be...
Could someone be siphoning off funds?
This account statement says
the Services Bureau's goods
all come from Juyun Pavilion.
Ju...
Is Juyun Pavilion and the Services Bureau
colluding to
take advantage of Qi Residence?
Juyun Pavilion...
Tian Xing,
go over there and check
if there's anything else.
I'll put these statements away.
-OK.
-I think we'll need them in the future.
What are you looking for?
Bo,
it's so late.
Why are you here?
I didn't come for you two.
I was afraid you'd...
Negatively impact others.
Like you said just now.
But if you need
my help with anything,
feel free to ask.
We... don't have anything
we need help with.
How are things on your end?
Weren't you given more work
because you offended Lord Lu?
That little bit of work is nothing.
My goal is Lord Yan Jiang.
At such a young age,
he's already
a key official of Services Bureau
and the governor's confidant.
Without a doubt,
he's the youngest high-ranking official
in history.
Lord Yan Jiang
is truly worthy of respect.
Bo,
I heard you
intentionally delayed
your selection exam by a year.
Yes.
To pay tribute to Lord Yan Jiang,
who topped the exam at 16,
I waited until I was 17 to take the exam.
-You're only 17 years old?
Yes! Don't I look it?
To think that
taking the exam a year later
meant that the top spot
would be snatched away by
this clueless brat from nowhere!
It seems that studying really
does help a person mature.
Don't just look at
my sophisticated and mature exterior,
but also see my firm inner heart.
You've messed up the plans
I've had for the past few years.
But from this day forward,
no one can ruin my plans again!
I'll rely on my efforts to
forge ahead in my official career.
Do you believe in me—
I know you believe in me.
I bet Lord Yan Jiang believes in me too.
One day,
I'll be a higher official than Lord Lu!
I'll scoff at him
and drive him crazy with work!
I'm going back to study now.
Keep it up!
Improve efficiency! No more night shifts!
-You've got this, Bo.
-You've got this.
-We have faith in you!
-Keep it up!
Keep it up! Keep it up! Keep it up.
Keep it up.
Keep it up...
Keep looking.
[Respect the Wise and Welcome the Learned]
[Be Proper in Attire and Conduct]
Why aren't you going to work?
Are you standing here to slack off?
Lord Lu,
we found something among the documents
you asked us to sort.
Go on.
The items purchased by Services Bureau
are priced well above the market value.
What do you mean?
We suspect that
someone might be
siphoning off funds.
Yes, Lord Lu.
You two sure are brazen.
Fan Yun,
you're just a probationary official.
How dare you suspect
a senior official of my bureau?
Don't you know that
slandering a Nine Cities official
is a grave crime?
Don't think you can do as you will
just because the governor has your back.
No, Lord Lu.
-No?
-I...
Do you have conclusive evidence?
Last night, we checked
the Services Bureau's ledger.
Utter rubbish!
The documents I asked you to sort
doesn't include my bureau's ledger.
Besides,
how can the items of the estate
be measured by the market price?
Do not mention this
to anyone else again.
Now, step back and go clean the latrine!
Yes, Lord Lu.
Go now!
Lord Cai.
What were those two doing here again?
They said that
while sorting documents here,
they found our Services Bureau's ledger.
They even said it was problematic.
Found our bureau's ledger?
How could she
have possibly found our ledger?
Right? Our bureau's ledger
couldn't be among the documents.
They also said
the purchased items were priced
well above the market value.
What a load of nonsense!
Tian Xing,
don't you think this is a bit strange?
Since Lord Lu denied it flatly,
there must be more to it.
Also,
did you see the teapot on Lord Lu's desk
just now?
Lord Lu might be the one
who sends us tea
every day.
How is that possible?
I just think that some things
might not be exactly
as they seem.
Some people appear harsh
but actually have profound intentions.
Some things seem chaotic
on the surface,
but actually hold hidden truths.
Let's go.
We have to leave the estate.
What for?
To find evidence.
Didn't Lord Lu tell us
to find evidence?
OK.
Since all the items
on the problematic statements
were purchased from Juyun Pavilion,
we could clarify things
if we could find and ask the manager
of Juyun Pavilion.
But where's this manager?
Just follow me.
[Yong City]
Mother.
Mother?
Mother!
Your guest has arrived.
Have a good chat.
Young Master Qiyan.
Where'd you find the time
to have tea with me?
Who is this?
Lou Qiyan, President of Juyun Pavilion.
Hello, Young Master Qiyan.
Go ahead. What is it?
Young Master Qiyan,
take a look at these.
Are the goods listed here
from your Juyun Pavilion?
That's right.
Are the prices
consistent with
these account statements?
Yes, they are.
But Young Master Qiyan,
are these goods really that expensive?
So you two are
here to interrogate me.
If you don't believe me,
you can come with me
to Juyun Pavilion.
Corroborating the ledgers
will clear things right up.
Since you're so broad-minded,
why don't we
make a trip there?